Fix typo in README (#105)
home-assistant/supervised-installer: README.md

## Troubleshooting

> If somethings going wrong, use `journalctl -f` to get your system logs. If you are not familiar with Linux and how you can fix issues, we recommend you to use our Home Assistant OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If something goes wrong, use `journalctl -f` to get your system logs. If you are not familiar with Linux and how you can fix issues, we recommend that you use our Home Assistant OS.
```
